car
[musics]
Good morning is Ippei today to say that the third installment Philippines traffic conditions
I would like to introduce a Philippine bus There are two types of Philippine buses
It is ordinary bust air conditioner bus
In wh was back four times 5
We will try using boss Well then thank you
[musics]
ha
It is said that there is such a senior person's edition because I'm going to eat a little difficult person
here you go
Hmm
It looks like it was full and no good
It is on the way more and more
No. A little more rank 9 h
wh
ni
naruho
together
Ah ah ah ah
bejean
Because the line employee of water comes from, let's tell the destination and pay money
This time want to go to the Super 0 now called sm
I will tell you a word
Open
ashandan
Ah ah ah
Hmm
If you tell a miracle to the uncle of the attendant just before, you will receive such a receipt here
Price is written in and is 45 different
It's very easy to use because you only get off at the destination when you pay this
The price will be taught only by the destination hot water , and I think that foreigners can easily ride
I will
Air-conditioned bus is also long-distance travel and out of high-grade sister I'm Philippines this air-conditioned bus
You can travel comfortably by using
The painting feel is almost the same as Japanese night bus
The fact that the air this is a little overkill but
Sometimes I play movies with a lot of great music, which is very noisy
Because it is known from among the inside of the ear and the earplugs
The
I think it is necessary above all, I'm glad about the free wi-fi
It means that you can use the bus
ame
me
This is a big brother like this
That it Masu normal distance with the fact that there is coming into the
Thank you for important columns to the air conditioning onset
ana's
There is much less is the introduction of large-Inari bus 0
If you don't know what to do with the drama machine, cut it off with a family of 4 points related to money
ni
Many men and bars
Ny
Please tell me this after him
I was teaching the punishment yesterday
There is
Well , unlike the bus now, windows are basically included
It is this still beautiful one
There is
The characteristic is that it is cheaper than anything
Yeah yeah yeah
Since the bad masu also say how basically it cause and effect is I poo no sense theory is cheaper here Friend
Honestly because it will be used by more locals ae 8 and smells if opened in bath
Otani
I do not know that the original car telly
mar
Hmm
I am
Because I did not ask to have was the way stopped walking in now
The place is cozy but I do not stick to it
The chair is too hard
It is strong
I do not think that it is not suitable for long distance movement
Then thank you for this energy red tumor
[applause]
Good good
Touch
tha
tano
[musics]
Let's get on first
It would be no good if there was a mistake Daikanyama
It takes
This
Such a wow aa
Oh, I was born rap
It is not good
Has become a herb
Ah ah ah ah
Huh Oin
No way it was-
Here the water from the sheet will not let's hobby
Shaanxi
In fact, the central axis breaks out
So there are two-person targets
It is until now
Nitrous Vito cormorant child
[musics]